Added presence update on change of profile information and config flags for selective presence tracking (#16992)
element-hq/synapse: docs/usage/configuration/config_documentation.md

*The "untracked" option was added in Synapse 1.96.0.*

Enabling presence tracking can be resource intensive for the presence handler when server-side

> tracking of user activity is enabled. Below are some additional configuration options if you
> require additional performance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tracking of user activity is enabled. Below are some additional configuration options which may
help improve the performance of the presence feature without outright disabling it:
```

* `sync_presence_tracking` (Default enabled): Determines if the server tracks a user's presence
activity when syncing. If disabled, the server will not automatically update the user's presence
activity when the sync endpoint is called. Note that client applications can still update their

> presence by calling the respective presence endpoints.

Reviewer: Note that Synapse will also count a user as "online" if they call [`/events`](https://spec.matrix.org/v1.10/client-server-api/#get_matrixclientv3events): https://github.com/element-hq/synapse/blob/b548f7803a9b7ba51a66d47ddb9bb69dce541a48/synapse/handlers/events.py#L54-L80

This option would disable that as well. Perhaps instead of "sync_presence_tracking", you could just call this option "client_presence_tracking"?

Author: I decided to use the terms `local_activity_tracking` and `remote_activity_tracking` for these presence config options since the previous paragraph in the docs used similar language:
> Presence tracking allows users to see the state (e.g online/offline)
of other local and remote users. ...

I also like `client_presence_tracking` though, and if you don't prefer the new names I used, I don't mind changing it to `client_presence_tracking` and `federation_client_presence_tracking` respectively.

> * `federation_presence_tracking` (Default enabled): Determines if the server will accept

Reviewer: You should mention that if `presence.enabled` is set to `"untracked"`, then these options will both act as if set to `false`.

presence EDUs that only contain presence activity updates. If disabled, the server will drop

> processing EDUs that do not contain updates to the `status_msg`, `displayname`, and

Reviewer: I find this a bit confusing, as the name of this option implies that "presence" equates to only the online/offline/etc. state of the user, and not the transport which carries activity and profile updates. Whereas if you set `presence.enabled: false`, then both activity and profile updates are ignored.

Could you clarify the difference in your description of these options?

> * `federation_presence_tracking` (Default enabled): Determines if the server will accept
> presence EDUs that only contain presence activity updates. If disabled, the server will drop
> processing EDUs that do not contain updates to the `status_msg`, `displayname`, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `federation_presence_tracking` (Default enabled): Determines if the server will accept
presence EDUs that only contain presence activity updates. If disabled, the server will drop
processing EDUs that do not contain updates to the `status_msg`, `displayname`, or
```
